live and direct from Hollywood no hunger
squad today we have a very special
episode of peaceful hunger squad we will
be going to eat signature dishes from
each other's hometown I'm from the
Midwest society Ohio present' now me
being from Virginia which is the East
Coast aka I guess the south they're
gonna have a lot to live up to and being
from San Diego California pretty sure I
got this one in the bag so I think we
need to make a little bit of a
competition out of it
wait no this is not a contest yes this
is a contest this is a bonding
experience for the feast mode hunger
squad it's a contest no Freddie it's not
a contest yeah I see up here Steven
Ohio ain't got nothing on me you're
worried you're gonna lose aren't you
shut up let's do this
we're on our way to Ricky's fish tacos
in East Hollywood it's a truck we get to
sit outside enjoy this beautiful
Southern California day
doesn't he have like a million taco
trucks no he's got one because he's a
man of quality I respect that he's a
monogamist
are you a one-man kind of girl I am I'm
a one-man kind of girl how are you guys
doing this is Ricky of Ricky's fish
tacos where did you learn how to make
fish tacos I've been eating them since I
was a little kid you know mom from
Ensenada they know how to make fish
necklace we are going to need a lot of
your fish tacos right okay thank you I
literally ate fish tacos every single
day after baseball practice with my dad
was eating soccer I will say I am the
most excited about this mayo sauce I
don't even know if you want this do you
want this I guess I do now Cheers
well you're a replay on her hairs aren't
you my food mmm Wow Ricky's gets extra
points because he put a surfboard in
Ruth's logo he gets two points for that
Ricky also gets two points for that yeah
Ricky gets five points for just keeping
it that's the thing about tacos it's
really all about the meat look at that
ratio
let's give Ricky three points for having
quality tortillas three points for the
crunch your love crunch I love crimes
like you love ratios all this sauces are
on point plus one per sauce boom boom
boom boom solid four points with the
atmosphere even the patrons are just
super diverse everyone who's here at
this chuck on their lunch break they
look like they come from like all walks
of life three points to the three specks
of food that are left on Colin's
mustache right now the flavor saver no I
hope you guys got a good fish taco
experience enjoyed it yep it was okay
trying to save room for the next spot
we're gonna have some amazing vbq oh
we're heading to my spot it's known for
its like texas-style barbecue and I'm
not from Texas I'm from Virginia but I
would say that's the closest you can get
to like Virginia barbecue the sweet to
savory ratio in the barbecue sauce must
be correct I love me some ratios ready
you know the key to my heart
so we're here at my spot
aka blood cells this is sad are you guys
doing basically everything on this menu
I'm upset to it I mean I can just send
you guys out what I think is best - if
you want to just go with that I think
that sounds good to me I'll smear out
some space room for the food plan Wow if
this doesn't make your mouth wanna water
then y'all are just dead people inside I
can hear the South coming out of you
right now Freddy presentation they get 5
presentation points yes what why what
everything does it just look oh and then
we got we got the cone Rick oh goodness
see that when you pick it up as a +10
real deal right here
major flavor points here we're gonna 5
fat flavor for ya 3 points for the
tender 3 3 you can just start dishing
out points alright randomly ah there is
no skin we're just giving points like
crazy people for how buttery that is
let's do Cheers
ooh ooh that's a negative one right
there
we're talking about it's not as far as
your fault you guys out here tried to
duck point that you get nervous I'll
give I'll give another 3 points for that
mac and cheese it's still some solid Mac
use everything melts in your mouth I
maybe could eat this the pickles crunch
on fleek we gotta try that spiky thing
hmm and there truly is an art to just
like making good comforts and I think
this place nailed it Plus 17 points okay
there's got to be some order no physical
hunger squad oh how am I gonna stay
awake in the car
so where we going gonna get Cincinnati
chili I've never heard about Cincinnati
chili until I met this one over here
what it's world famous I think it's
Cincinnati famous no we are on the way
to my spot the closer things at home
spot the seal in stock chili John over
Cincinnati we have these things got
three ways and it's not what you're
thinking
they are chili cheese and noodles we are
here with Anthony what is your signature
dish here beef and beans our California
pink B this place reminds me how much of
the Midwest I'm gonna give them five
points just for decor I'm digging the
vibe in here two points to the lobster
bit see how fast it is guys Ohio likes
our food fast
all right the fact that I came out in
ten seconds ten points come on yeah
that's Cincinnati side five now do you
guys have she to throw on their have
buckets of cheese whoa so how much do
you should I put on here Stephen that is
so much cheese this gets five points
just off the beans oh then we got onions
onions go on there too right one tiny
bit plus five points for all the
variations the mix and match I gotta say
if spaghetti was like this all the time
I probably eat it well this is like a
great quaint date with
that's if you do my spot what do you
think I'm doing right now Freddie oh man
I'm getting meat swift point system wise
I think we know who won I feel like I
know you guys better now it's better as
a bonding experience yeah what are you
doing next time guys please please 100
squad signing out comment below what
should we eat next let's do it
yes what do you think